Add page for myUplink (#25920)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/myuplink.markdown

---
title: myUplink
description: Instructions on how to set up the myUplink integration within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling

> ha_release: '2023.2'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_release: '2024.2'
```

ha_domain: myuplink
ha_codeowners:
  - '@pajzo'
ha_config_flow: true
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The myUplink integration allows users to get information about their devices supporting myUplink using the [official cloud API](https://dev.myuplink.com).

Reviewer 2: We write pages for the reader, not a group of people.

```suggestion
The myUplink integration lets you get information about the devices supporting myUplink using the [official cloud API](https://dev.myuplink.com).
```

> Depending on the type of devices in your system, one or more sensor entities to Home Assistant. Currently, there is support for generic and temperature sensors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the type of devices in your system, one or more sensor entities will be created in Home Assistant. Currently, there is support for generic and temperature sensors.
```

Reviewer: Generic sensors sounds weird. Maybe just don't mention what sensors are supported as that will change over time and it's hard to keep the documentation updated to cover it exactly?

> Depending on the type of devices in your system there will be added one or more sensor entities to Home Assistant. Currently there is support for generic and temperature sensors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the type of devices in your system, one or more sensor entities to Home Assistant. Currently, there is support for generic and temperature sensors.
```

## Prerequisites

1. Visit [https://myuplink.com/register](https://myuplink.com/register) and sign up for a user account.

> 2. Go to [**Applications**](https://dev.myuplink.com/apps), register a new App:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to [**Applications**](https://dev.myuplink.com/apps), and register a new App:
```

> 2. Go to [Applications](https://dev.myuplink.com/apps), register a new App:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Go to [**Applications**](https://dev.myuplink.com/apps), register a new App:
```

> - Application ID: Home Assistant (or whatever name makes sense to you)
> - OAuth Flow: Authorization Code Grant Flow
> - Redirect URI: `https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/oauth`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Application ID**: Home Assistant (or whatever name makes sense to you)
- **OAuth Flow**: Authorization Code Grant Flow
- **Redirect URI**: `https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/oauth`
```

{% details "I have manually disabled My Home Assistant" %}

If you don't have [My Home Assistant](/integrations/my) on your installation,
you can use `<HOME_ASSISTANT_URL>/auth/external/callback` as the redirect URI
instead.

The `<HOME_ASSISTANT_URL>` must be the same as used during the configuration/
authentication process.

Internal examples: `http://192.168.0.2:8123/auth/external/callback`, `http://homeassistant.local:8123/auth/external/callback`." 

{% enddetails %}

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> The integration configuration will ask for the *Client ID* and *Client Secret* created above. See [Application Credentials](/integrations/application_credentials) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The integration configuration will require the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** created above. See [Application Credentials](/integrations/application_credentials) for more details.
```
